#summary Change the key mappings in the Windows driver.
#labels Featured

= Introduction =

Windows has a functionality known as a _scan code mapper_ in its keyboard driver. It enables a user to remap any key on the keyboard to another key, or simply disable it.

This change has effect globally in Windows, and is a great alternative if KillKeys doesn't work in a game you are playing. You do not need KillKeys to use any of this. One great benefit is that you can map keys such as F1-F12 to something more useful, such as back and forward in browsers, media keys, etc.

You can find some technical information on [http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/hardware/gg463447.aspx this MSDN page].

= How to use it =

It can be quite difficult to configure this registry value manually, and there is a chance of breaking things, so instead I recommend that you use a separate program to do that.

There is a tool called [http://webpages.charter.net/krumsick/ KeyTweak] that works really well. Use it to create your mappings. Once that's done, you can uninstall the tool if you wish.

You have to reboot for changes to take effect.

= Quick and dirty commands =

Make sure you are running the commands with administrator privileges (if running from the start menu, hold Ctrl+Shift when pressing Enter). These commands do not work together. When you run one, you replace your previous mapping.

Run this to disable both windows keys and the menu key:
{{{
reg add "HKLM\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Control\Keyboard Layout" /v "Scancode Map" /t REG_BINARY /f /d 00000000000000000400000000005be000005ce000005de000000000
}}}

To only disable the caps lock key, run this:
{{{
reg add "HKLM\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Control\Keyboard Layout" /v "Scancode Map" /t REG_BINARY /f /d 00000000000000000200000000003a0000000000
}}}

To map the caps lock key to the windows key, and disable the left windows key (Chromebook style):
{{{
reg add "HKLM\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Control\Keyboard Layout" /v "Scancode Map" /t REG_BINARY /f /d 0000000000000000030000005be03a0000005be000000000
}}}

To clear all mappings, run this:
{{{
reg delete "HKLM\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Control\Keyboard Layout" /v "Scancode Map" /f
}}}

Remember to reboot!